the film opens by describing the
legend of the tears of the moon
they are magic petals that come from a
special tree that comes with healing powers
sometime in the mid-sixteenth century spanish
conquistadors led by don lopez aguirre made a
voyage to the amazon to seek the tree out aguirre
loses most of his men and is left on his own the
legend states that he was found by local villagers
and later condemned to be a prisoner of the jungle
london 1916 mcgregor houghton is attempting
to convince a royal society of explorers to
fund an expedition to find the tears of the
moon for research and medicinal purposes
but the group sees it as a waste
of time and is only based on a myth
mcgregor's sister lily sneaks out while he stalls
the group as she goes to the archives of the group
she manages to find a crate containing a special
arrowhead that is the key to finding the tears
of the moon but also seeking it is german
aristocrat prince joachim someone got to it
before me lily almost makes it out until joachim
calls her out she tries to escape on a ladder but
joachim almost causes her to fall until mcgregor
stops a bus to let her drop and make her get away
after they get away joachim kills the other men
in the room when his identity is revealed and
the curator of the archives tells him who lily is
is that woman i don't know who that was meanwhile
lily and mcgregor make plans to find the tears
of the moon or lagrimas del cristal on their own
in south america a tour guide named frank wolf
is taking a group of people on a ride across
the river in his boat named l'aquila which
is comprised of a bunch of tricks that frank
had set up he also engages in many lame puns to
the chagrin of the passengers only two can play
and play not one but two can play the boa
constrictor right there is capable of eating
up to 500 pounds per sitting personally i
find that very hard and don't interrupt me
like that again i will feed you to the boat
she is a small child he loves small children
i hope those aren't the deadliest hunters in
the hemisphere they hunt humans please go faster
frank manages to steer them
clear of the danger in the waters
lily and mcgregor arrive nearby
to seek out nilo nemolato
a harbour master that will provide them with
the boat that they need to take their voyage
based on a map that lily has carried that will
take them to the tree nilo finds frank who owes
him money and when he doesn't have enough he
takes the engine from frank's boat as collateral
frank sneaks into nilo's office when he
is out to try and get the engine back
and lily goes up to the office thinking she
is talking to nilo i have a lot of money
but frank tricks her and attempts to convince
her to hire him for the expedition to the tree
to turn back first out of the rapids well i look
forward to disappointing you this almost works
until mcgregor appears with the actual nilo and
lily starts to make her leave the bar they are in
is then terrorized by a jaguar which frank manages
to get to leave the building with a piece of meat
this convinces lily and mcgregor to join frank
frank leads lily and mcgregor to his boat
as he attempts to put the engine back
lily is captured by bird poachers hired by
joachim but she manages to pick a lock and
free herself just as his henchmen pursue
her frank and mcgregor attempt to outrun
nelo's men as they start to ride the boat out they
managed to catch up with lily and get her onto the
how nice boat you to join us but joachim
learns that the heroes are getting away
so he emerges from his submarine and attacks them
what did i just
he fires a torpedo at them but
frank drives the boat through
an old building as the torpedo passes under them
frank gets them out of there while the
submarine trashes nilo's other boats
and nilo watches his business literally go under
on the boat ride frank cracks jokes at the
siblings expense but he spends more time with
them lily shows him a video camera while they pass
through the river with mythical dolphin creatures
later the siblings discover that the jaguar
from earlier is frank's pet named proxima
which he used as a pawn to convince
them to hire him lily is upset and angry
joachim and his men find an underground
cavern where aguirre and his men are
imprisoned within the earth of the jungle
using river water joachim frees the snakes
that are part of aguero's body to request
his services in seeking out the arrowhead
aguirre agrees and joachim's men flood the cavern
with river water to reawaken the conquistadors
the trio come across rough waters
and nearly go over a huge waterfall
but frank manages to get them on a path to safety
they make it to land and stop for a moment lily
goes through frank's quarters while he talks with
mcgregor who reveals to frank that he was disowned
by his family and from society because he is gay
and lily was the only one who stood by his side
even if she can come off a bit rough around the
edges at times lily comes across several
maps of the tree among frank's belongings
leading to a confrontation where she
accuses him of seeking the tree for himself
not for a long long time okay yes moments
later the three are knocked out by darts
the three find themselves captive to a native
tribe frank speaks their language and attempts
to deal with them as they request the arrowhead
what did you say i said that they should let you
and your brother mcgregor go lily refuses
to give it up and tries to make a run for
it but it is then revealed that the tribe
know who frank is and take part in his ruse
lily is infuriated with his constant deception and
mcgregor follows suit in punching him in the face
after cooling down lily talks to the tribe leader
trader sam to figure out how to decipher the
arrowhead which gives them the location of
the tree and explains that the tree blooms
in a blood moon the tribe is then attacked
by aguirre and his men who have been bound
to the jungle for so long that they have become
monsters that manipulate creatures like bees and
snakes
get it hold on come on i don't got it
just leave me alone that was a disaster you're too
heavy they nearly get the arrowhead but frank gets
his hands on it at the expense of being impaled
by aguirre's blade and thrown from a great height
lily runs away with it and makes it
far enough because the conquistadors
are pulled back since they
cannot go beyond the river
in the morning lily finds mcgregor and frank alive
if you're alive i'm never leaving kensington
again yeah little something in your bag
it is then that he reveals to lily that he is
nearly 400 years old out the back it's like
like that no no no no no no no no no gosh
that hurts no it doesn't how do you nervous
he was previously known as francisco and was the
cartographer on a wirey's voyage as they had grown
up together like brothers aguirre sought out
the tears of the moon to cure his sick daughter
after most of their men were lost on the
voyage they were found by the villagers
who used the petals of the tree to heal frank
and aguirre and the remaining men aguirre became
impatient and demanded the tribe's chief tell
him where to find the tree but he was deemed not
worthy and killed the chief in retribution frank
helped the chief's door to secure the arrowhead
and in the chief's dying breaths he curses
the conquistadors and dooms them to be bound
to the jungle and never able to leave
throughout the decades frank and aguirre
encountered each other repeatedly and fought
countless times so frank set up a trap to lure
the men into the cavern away from the water
keeping them trapped in stone for centuries
frank would set up the nearby town and
meet many people that he would outlive
and so he has been seeking the
tree to finally die in peace
frank and lily make the journey themselves to
the tree while mcgregor stays behind with sam
since he is injured unfortunately they are found
by joachim who takes mcgregor hostage and forces
him to help lead them to lily's location since
the conquistadors bees have also given them clues
frank and lily find the sight
of the tree in la luna rotor
and lily must overcome her fear of
swimming to make her way underwater
and fit through a passage to pull a
switch that gets them closer to the tree
after doing so the waters go down but
joachim arrives with mcgregor in tow
he makes them enter the passage and they try to
decipher the scripture frank and lily discover
that the arrowhead is meant to be a heart
and inside is a jewel that acts as a key
it brings the tree to life as
the moon is rising overhead
joachim and his men attempt to
secure the petals from the tree
but they are thwarted by lily aguirre and his
men arrive and attack joachim with his snakes
while lily runs to grab one petal as the moon is
passing through and the other petals quickly die
but she grabs the one she needs aguirre fights
frank on the boat as he steers it toward a wall
to block the river but he first tells mcgregor
to tell lily that she is world enough for him
joachim comes back to attack but mcgregor
fights him and knocks him against a wall
causing a pillar to fall and crush
joachim not exactly what i intended
the boat crashes into the wall and stops the
water from flowing permanently imprisoning
aguirre and his men but frank as well lily brings
the petal to frank to revive him and it doesn't
appear to work at first but proxima raws as
she sees that the stone around frank crumbles
he is alive but his immortality is gone and he
can now live normally he and lily share a kiss
you can take the trio return to london
where mcgregor tells off the royal
society to their face that he rejects
their application lily takes frank on a
tour across london as she shows him how
to drive but he is not very good at it
thank you for watching our featured video in
movie summary i hope you enjoyed watching our
videos please like and share our videos to your
families and friends and subscribe to our channel
to help us grow click the notification bell so
that you will be notified when we upload our next
videos